And this one is also really cool.
It's more, I don't wanna experimental
because it's not experimental, but
it needs some work on your side.
Let's say that.
It's called HTTP Early Hints.
This is not so simple as Alia Linka.
So that's what I mean.
It's actually pretty cool.
Let's say it's common if you're
doing server-side rendering.
Let's say that case,
you're doing server-side rendering.
If you're doing server-side rendering,
the server receives the request.
And then it takes some time to execute
that on the server, on the cloud, right?
And then it respond with the HTML.
That's how it works.
Without the hint,
instead of responding with HTTP 200,
the server can respond with 103.
It's called early hints.
And after the code,
it can respond with preload declarations.
So let me explain what that means.
And you are the browser, you're asking me
for HTML, so you contact me and you say,
you want the HTML, I need to go and
do a lot of stuff before,
but before doing that,
I will respond to you with 103.
And it says, okay, in the meantime,
why don't you go and grab this CSS,
this font, and that image, okay?
Wait for me.
Then I go, I do my stuff, and
when I have my HTML over the same
connection that is still waiting,
now I add an HTTP 200 and the file.
So early hints can let
the browser download or
know about other resources around 200,
250 milliseconds earlier.
Does this make sense?
So what happens if the browser,
so this is the diagram.
So normally, at the left,
you will see how that works.
We have the client and we have the server.
The client ask for index.html.
Then it took some time to think and
then it answers with 200, okay?
And then, the browser realized, you need a
CSS, I need a CSS, so it requests the CSS.
With early hints, I'm asked for
HTML, and the server immediately,
without waiting,
responds with 103 and the hints.
You will need a CSS, so go and
request that in the meantime.
So while the server is working
on the final response.
In the meantime, we can take advantage
of the bandwidth to download the CSS.
I know we're the same connection.
Then we get the file.
One of the good thing about this
is that it's backward compatible.
If a browser does not support Jenkins 103,
it will ignore it.
So when the browser Safari or a browser
that is not supporting this reads 103,
it says, what?
I don't know, okay, let's wait.
And it continues to wait.
It will wait for the 200.
Yeah, you won't have the early hints,
but the website will work anyway.
You have a nice article on
web.dev about the early hints,
how to implement that,
how to do that with Apache or with Nginx.
And today if you're using Cloudflare or
other proxy-based providers,
you can enable early hints and
they will do that for you.
So you set up that the cloud
to enable early hints.
You specify which early hints you
want to send to the browser and
it will do that for you So it's difficult
to test this with our example,
we have to make a lot of work in NodeJS.
But actually what will happen
is that we will move here.
For example, if we set all hints
the styles.css, the background CSS,
we can start, these two downloads can
actually start here, around here.
So we can pull the diagram, right?
We can pull a little bit.
And remember,
that also is pulling the vertical bars,
our milestones, our web bias.